# Wheelchair
I believe that a project must be done in such a way that it finds solution to a problem. I thought of doing this project after seeing my  grandmother who is a disabled person who completely depends on others.Everyone in this world wishes to be a independent person. This prototype helps a disabled person to be independent.This is a voice controlled wheel chair.Bluetooth module is connected to the phone and the disabled person can operate the wheel chair with voice. It also has ultrasonic sensors which automatically detects the obstacles and stop the wheelchair. Disabled person can operate the wheel chair in all directions using voice. During a panic situation,the disabled person can say alarm so that the buzzer gives a beep sound. This wheel chair also has a LED light so that it is helpful for the disabled person to roam around at night time. Furthermore we can also add GPS module in the wheelchair so that the person who takes care of the disabled person can see the location at any time. We can also setup a emergency SOS on the wheelchair so that when the disabled person says' danger ahead' it will send message automatically to the guardian. We can also add chin gesture control so that it can be used by handless person. Furthermore we can also add fire alarm,vehicle detection in the wheelchair. We can add voice recognition module so that wheelchair responds only authorised voices.
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LwbFs-bsqEE" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
